feat: add documentation for java springboot traces using Otel operator (#1371)
SigNoz/signoz-web: data/docs/instrumentation/opentelemetry-springboot.mdx

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/releases/download/v0.116.0/opentelemetry-operator.yaml
```

Installing the OpenTelemetry Operator sets up the necessary components and configurations to enable the observability and monitoring of applications running in the cluster.

#### Step 3: Setup the OpenTelemetry Collector instance

Once the `opentelemetry-operator` has been deployed, you can proceed with the creation of the OpenTelemetry Collector (`otelcol`) instance. The OpenTelemetry Collector collects, processes, and exports telemetry data.

There are different deployment modes for the OpenTelemetryCollector, and you can specify them in the spec.mode section of the custom resource. The available deployment modes are:

- [Daemonset](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/)
- [Sidecar](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/sidecar-containers/)
- [StatefulSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/)
- [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) (default mode)

The default method - the `Deployment` mode, will be used here.

> To create a simple instance of the OpenTelemetry Collector, create a file `otel-collector.yaml` with the followiung contents:

Author: ```suggestion
To create a simple instance of the OpenTelemetry Collector, create a file `otel-collector.yaml` with the following contents:
```

        instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-java: "true"
        resource.opentelemetry.io/service.name: "spring-petclinic"
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: app
        image: ghcr.io/pavolloffay/spring-petclinic:latest
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
```

Note that we have created the above deployment file for [spring-petclinic](https://github.com/SigNoz/spring-petclinic) Java Springboot application.

It is important to add the following annotation under `spec > template > metadata > annotations`:

```
instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-java: "true"`
```

This helps in auto-instrumenting the traces from the Java application.

Apply the deployment using the following command:

```bash
kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml
```

With this, the auto-instrumentation of traces for Java Springboot application is ready.

####  Step 6: Running the Springboot application

In order to run the application on port 8080, run the following commands:

```bash
$ export POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pod -l app=<service-name> -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}")  # service name is `spring-petclinic` in this case.   
$ kubectl port-forward ${POD_NAME} 8080:8080
```

> The application will start running on port 8080 on your local machine. You can access the application by entering 

Author: ```suggestion
You can now access the application on port 8080.
```

> the following URL on your browser: http://localhost:8080

Author: ```suggestion
```
